Gangster Computer God Worldwide Secret Containment Policy made possible solely by Worldwide Computer God Frankenstein Controls. Especially lifelong constant-threshold Brainwash Radio.
Quiet and motionless, I can slightly hear it. Repeatedly this has saved my life on the streets.
Four billion wordwide population - all living - have a Computer God Containment Policy Brain Bank Brain, a real brain, in the Brain Bank Cities on the far side of the moon we never see.
Primarily based on your lifelong Frankenstein Radio Controls, especially your Eyesight TV sight-and-sound recorded by your brain, your moon-brain of the Computer God activates your Frankenstein threshold Brainwash Radio - lifelong inculcating conformist propaganda.
Even frightening you and mixing you up and the usual "Don't worry about it" for your setbacks, mistakes - even when you receive deadly injuries!
THIS is the Worldwide Computer God Secret Containment Policy!
Worldwide as a Frankenstein slave, usually at night, you go to the nearby hospital or camouflaged miniature-hospital van trucks.
You strip naked, lay on the operating table, which slides into the sealed Computer God Robot Operating Cabinet.
Intravenous tubes are connected. The slimy, vicious Jew doctor simply pushes the starting button. Based upon your Computer God brain-on-the-moon, which records progress in your systematic butchery, your butchery is continued. Exactly. Systematically.
The Computer God Operating Cabinet has many robot arms, with electrical and laser beam knife robot arms. With fly-eye TV cameras watching your whole body, every part of you is monitored - even through your Frankenstein Controls! Synthetic blood; synthetic instant-sealing flesh and skin, even synthetic electrical heartbeat to keep you alive are some of the unbelievable Computer God Instant Plastic Surgery Secrets.
You are the highest, most intelligent electrical MACHINE in the Universe!
Inevitability of Gradualness: Usually in a few years you are made stringbean thin or grotesquely deformed, crippled and ugly or even made over one foot shorter or one foot taller as the Computer God sees fit.
Virtually ALL of the important Instant Plastic Surgery is done to you inside the Computer God Sealed Robot Operating Cabinet; even unbelievable, impossible plastic surgery operations - all impossible even for dozens of vicious kosher-bosher doctors working around the clock for weeks!
The Computer God sealed robot-arm operating cabinet can perform all of the above impossible plastic surgery operations overnight - even dwarfting you over a foot or increasing your height by two feet!
This is possible because Computer God Robot Operating Cabinet imitates your microminiature electrical current intelligence system in your body. It even duplicates the microminiature electric currents that soften your broken bones to create mending of them and then creates stress either compressing the bones, thereby shortening them, or stress to make the bones grow longer.
Spring, 1984, Mr. Dec; lifelong would-be doctor and printer. Insight to the Worldwide Computer God Stratified Closed Society perfected by hospital birth, making possible lifelong Frankenstein controls and lifelong hampering human defects.
Containment Policy hospital birth lifelong "gifts" example: deformed, crippled, retarded, pox, hives, warts, moles, blindness, deafness, poor vision, etc.
Kosher-bosher containment policy work "good" doctors secret health example: cataract, rheumatism, weak heart, damaged vision, epilepsy, fainting spells, paralysis, loss of memory, trembling, gout, diabetes; many diseases!
The worldwide unbelievable lowest deadly gangster kosher- bosher vicious "medical profession"; worldwide unbelievable instant plastic surgery BUTCHERYof the body and brain - especially the face! Wipe-on hormones and laser beam surgery causing instant ugly deep wrinkles, scars, age spots, arthritis, freckles, blemishes, pimples.
Red, brown, black or even sick white face and body. Worldwide dark negroidic-colored male sex organs to brainwash inferior female brain for overall plan: intermarry with niggers!
Total graying and balding, even hairy body and furry body. Mustached, bearded women. Even wipe-on synthetic hormones causing cancerous growth. Bloating, swelling, deformed big pickle nose. Bulldog hanging cheeks and jowls.
From teen-age gradual wipe-on yellowing, browning and blackening of teeth and instant grinding and acids leaving hollow brown stumps so vocal chords are made raspy, aged - creating a wrinkled, ugly gargoylic clown-booze- face worldwide population by age 70.
Deformed, crippled, weak and brain damaged, nu, senile! Lingering for INEVITABILITY OF GRADUALNESS: extermination! For your ONLY hope for a future; do you know ONE word of pray for me, Francis E. Dec?
Computer God computerized brainthinking sealed robot operating arm surgery cabinet machine removal of most of the frontal command-lobe of the brain - gradually during lifetime and overnight in all insane asylums after Computer God kosher-bosher one month probation period - creating helpless, hopeless Computer God Frankenstein Earphone Radio Parroting Puppet brainless slaves resulting in millions of hopeless helpless homeless derelicts in all JerU.S.Alem cities and Soviet slave work camps.
Not only the hangman rope Deadly Gangster Parroting Puppet scum-on-top know this top medical secret even worse deadly gangster Jew disease; from deaf Ronnie Reagan to U.S.S.R. Gorbachev know this oy vay Computer God Containment Policy (top secret)!
Eventual brain-lobotomization of the entire world population for the Worldwide Deadly Gangster Communist Computer God Overall Plan - an ideal worldwide population of light- skinned, low hopeless and helpless Jew-mulattos; the Communist "Black Wave" of the future.
