America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
Do you want me to sit in a corner and rust or just fall apart where I'm standing?
Freeze? I'm a robot. I'm not a refrigerator.
Funny, how just when you think life can't possibly get any worse it suddenly does.
Ghastly, isn't it? All the doors on this spaceship have been programmed to have a cheery and sunny disposition.
Here I am, brain the size of a planet and they want me to take you down to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? 'Cause I don't.
I'd make a suggestion, but you wouldn't listen. No one ever does.
I got very bored and depressed, so I went and plugged myself in to its external computer feed. I talked to the computer at great length and explained my view of the Universe to it. It committed suicide.
I have a million ideas, but, they all point to certain death.
Incredible... it's even worse than I thought it would be.
It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level.
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do any way so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.
"Reverse primary thrust, Marvin." That's what they say to me. "Open airlock number 3, Marvin." "Marvin, can you pick up that piece of paper?" Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to pick up a piece of paper.
The first ten million years were the worst. And the second ten million: they were the worst, too. The third ten million I didn't enjoy at all. After that, I went into a bit of a decline.
This will all end in tears.
Wearily I sit here, pain and misery my only companions.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
You think you've got problems. What are you supposed to do if you are a manically depressed robot?
