So, here's some advice I wish I woulda got when I was your age: live every week like it's Shark Week.
Affirmative action was designed to keep women and minorities in competition with each other to distract us while white dudes inject AIDS into our chicken nuggets.
I can’t read! I sign my name with an X! I once tried to make mashed potatoes with laundry detergent! I think I voted for Nader! NADER!
My genius has come alive… like toys when your back is turned.
I love this cornbread so much, I want to take it behind a middle school, and get it pregnant.
A book hasn’t given me this much trouble since Waldo went to that barber pole factory.
They took my mood ring, and I don’t know how I feel about that.
There’s no link between diabetes and diet. That’s a white myth, Ken; like Larry Bird or Colorado.
I want to hold a mirror up to society and then win world record for biggest mirror.
I grew up with that guy, he was the baddest gangster in my class. We called him Mean Steve. But his real name was Stephen Killer.
I watched Boston Legal 9 times before I realized it wasn’t a new Star Trek.
You know how pissed off I was when U.S. Weekly said that I was on crack? That's racist! I'm not on crack - I'm straight-up mentally ill!
I'm not familiar with about half the words in that sentence.
Dr. Spacemen, when they check my DNA, will it tell me what diseases I might get, or help me to remember my ATM PIN code?
So I said, 'Rick, this chick's got a Adam's apple.' And Rick said to me, I'll never forget this, he said, 'Freaky-deekies need love too... Freaky-deekies need. love. too.'
I'm sorry, Liz, this is who I am. You can't ask a bird not to fly. You can't ask a fish not to swim. You can't ask a tiger not to turn back into a Chinese dude at midnight!
Kenneth, your haircut is disrespectful to lesbians!
I know it's a girl, Liz Lemon, because I yelled, "Susan B. Anthony," at the moment of conception.
The holidays without drinkin' is rough. Turns out football is boring, my wife's sister ain't as cute as I though she was and I can not play the guitar.
Have you ever been to knuckle beach? It's a totally different world; a world where orange soda is an acceptable substitute for breast milk.
You're blowing up like a balloon with a grenade in it.
I don't need a birthday, 'couse I buy myself all the presents I need. And because of my drinking, they're often a surprise.
I do not want to disappoint my Japanese public, especially Godzilla. HAHAHAHA! Just kidding. I know he doesn't care what humans do.
We didn't land on Plymouth Rock! Plymouth Rock landed on Mars!
Oh, my God! I slept on a dog bed stuffed with wigs! I saw a prostitute stab a clown! Our basketball hoop was a ribcage! A ribcage!
A guy with dreads electrocuted my fish! A crackhead breastfeeding a rat. A homeless man cooking a Hot Pocket on the third rail of the "G Train." The G Train Nermel!
I've seen a blind guy bite a police horse! A puppy committed suicide after he saw our bathroom! I once bit into a burrito and there was a child's shoe in it!
I seen a hooker eat a tire! A pack of wild dogs took over and successfully ran a Wendy's! The sewer people stole my skateboard!
The project I lived in was named after Zachery Taylor, generally considered to be one of the worst presidents of all time!
I once saw a baby give another baby a tattoo! They were very drunk!
I am a stabbing robot! I am a stabbing robot!
If you get rich off this stuff, just take care of my family. I don't want my kids to have to go to college.
I think the GOP has a lot offer black people, they're anti-tax, pro-gun and anti-gun tax!
Why don’t Catholics eat meat on Fridays? I’ll tell you why: It’s because the Pope owns Long John Silver’s.
I need you to go to the drycleaners for me and find out how Martinizing works. I've always been curious.
So in order to be at my daughter's birth I have to answer trivia questions despite having gone to middle school in an Exxon station?
I don't watch the Macy's Parade. If I want to see a 50' Spider-Man I'll just go into my rec room, thank you.
If I won an Oscar everyone would respect me. My obituary would read "Oscar Winner" instead of "Children's Soccer Heckler"!
Can I borrow a cup of sugar? I'm trying to get a hummingbird to drink out of my penis.
Do you know it's still illegal to be black in Arizona?
Are you a pre-op trans-centaur?
Heavy is the head that eats crayons.
You hooligans knock it off or else this honky grandma be trippin'!
I don't want to sound racist, but as you may have noticed most ghosts are white.
How come there ain't no Puerto Ricans on Star Trek? They got every race and lifeform in the galaxy, except for Puerto Ricans. What's up with that?
I don't get why people like brunch. What's the benefit of combining break dancing and lunch?
Centennial is a hundred years, because centipeding means having sex with a hundred women.
If I were a real werewolf I'd wear baggy clothes so my nice clothes wouldn't get all torn up.
Do a sloppy job and they'll leave you alone. That's how I got out of foreplay with Angie ... and my taxes.
I remember being born, of course, and I remember learning to ride a bike. But that was last year.
You sound like my mother being pulled on stage at a 2 Live Crew concert.
I've learned the word 'black' in every language, just so I know when to be offended.
The Black Crusaders are a secret group of powerful Black Americans. Bill Cosby and Oprah Winfrey are the chief majors, but Jesse Jackson, Colin Powell and Gordon from Sesame Street, they're members, too, and they meet four times a year in the skull of the Statue of Liberty. You can read about that on the Interweb.
They say people who kill themselves never regret it!
I believe that the moon does not exist.
I believe that vampires are the world's greatest golfers but their curse is they never get a chance to prove it.
I believe that there are 31 letters in the white alphabet.
Remember when I offended stubborn people? That took forever to sort out.
The first time I got mugged I didn't leave my room for a week. I hid. But not in a tuxedo. All I had was a Chewbacca costume made out of used hair extensions. It made me feel invincible. Like someone who wouldn't get scared and freeze up when they got mugged.
You sound like a cop. And I should know. My uncle was a cop. In a porno.
The sight of these people plus the crayons I ate earlier make me sick.
Florida... the penis of America
Cornell commencement address? Sorry, Tracy Jordan doesn't do safety schools.
Wow, it's like I always say, white cab drivers are weird!
I feel like Oscar the Grouch, and not just because I woke up in a garbage can this morning, startling someone named Gordon!
I'm sort of the black Tyler Perry
I wouldn't know. I don't watch much tv. I am more of a masturbator.
Our opponent would like you to believe that Mitt Romney is a merman. I know that Mitt Romney does not live in the sea.
I'm embarrassed to say I've missed the birth of both of my sons, for very legitimate reasons. "Cooking a french bed pizza" and "forgot".
Aww how nice to meet a woman who speaks the language of the Nazis most enthusiastic collaborators
Sabotage?! But that's what I do to me!
If you want advice, I suggest you go to Liz Lemon or an owl that wears glasses
Idiots aren't just strippers, or stay-at-home moms. Idiots are all around us!
It's like a black Barbie doll in Arizona - nobody's buyin' it!
Recently I've realised I have a hole in my heart. And not the one I've got from eating batteries.
Your boos are not scaring me, I know most of you are not ghosts!