Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such educational films as "Lead Paint: Delicious But Deadly," and "Here Comes the Metric System!"
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such fishing films as 'Cast Out' or 'The Reel Deal.'
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such films as "The Erotic Adventures of Hercules" and "Dial 'M' for Murderousness".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such films as "'P' is for Psycho" and "The President's Neck is Missing".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such films as "Today We Kill, Tomorrow We Die" and "Gladys, the Groovy Mule".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such films as "The Greatest Story Ever Hula-ed" and "They Came to Burgle Carnegie Hall".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such Fox Network Specials as "Alien Nose Job" and "The Five Fabulous Weeks of the Chevy Chase Show".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such self-help videos as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Some Confidence, Stupid!"
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such nature films as "Earwigs: Ewwww" and "Man vs. Nature: The Road to Victory".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such celebrity funerals as "Andre The Giant, We Hardly Knew Ye" and "Shemp Howard, Today We Mourn A Stooge".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such telethons as "Out With Gout '88" and "Let's Save Tony Orlando's House".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such cartoons as "Christmas Ape" and "Christmas Ape goes to Summer Camp".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such driver's ed films as "Alice's Adventures through the Windshield Glass" and "The Decapitation of Larry Leadfoot".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such TV spinoffs as "Son of Sanford and Son" and "After Mannix".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such instructional videos as "Mothballing Your Battleship" and "Dig Your Own Grave and Save".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such public service videos as "Designated Drivers, the Lifesaving Nerds" and "Phony Tornado Alarms Reduce Readiness".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such medical films as "Alice Doesn't Live Anymore" and "Mommy, What's Wrong With That Man's Face?".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such automated information kiosks as "Welcome to Springfield Airport" and "Where's Nordstrom?".
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such Do-It-Yourself home videos such as "The half-assed approach to foundation repair"
Hi I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such dates as last nights dinner.
